docs: document NetSuite sync modes, delete handling, and table types (#2667)
estuary/flow: site/docs/reference/Connectors/capture-connectors/netsuite-suiteql.md

If you need to capture a table that is not yet supported, [contact support](mailto:support@estuary.dev) with the table name(s).
Estuary support will be able to confirm availability and, if needed, add the table(s) to the connector.

> ## Sync modes and data loading

Author: Rewrote the SuiteQL section completely. It now opens by stating that the connector is full-refresh-only by design and routes users to SuiteAnalytics for incremental needs. Added an "API constraints" section covering the four hard SuiteQL limits from your comparison table (no metadata introspection, 100-column silent failure, 100k-row cap, date-only timestamps) so the design tradeoffs are explicit. Snapshot-mode delete inference via `/_meta/row_id` is documented; paginated-backfill deletes are explicitly flagged as customer-managed.

Also fixed the `/interval` and `/schedule` defaults in the bindings table to match discovery reality — snapshots use `P1D` interval with no schedule, paginated bindings ignore `interval` and run on `0 0 * * *`. The previous `PT1H` interval default was the Pydantic-level default that no real binding actually uses.

If you need to capture a table that is not yet supported, [contact support](mailto:support@estuary.dev) with the table name(s).
Estuary support will be able to confirm availability and, if needed, add the table(s) to the connector.

## Sync modes and data loading

The SuiteQL connector is **full-refresh only** — it does not support incremental change capture. The SuiteQL REST API does not expose the metadata required for incremental replication (no equivalent of SuiteAnalytics' `OA_TABLES`/`OA_COLUMNS`/`OA_FKEYS`), so each binding is re-read from scratch on every run. Use the [`schedule`](#bindings) cron expression to control how often a binding re-runs and picks up new and changed rows.

If incremental sync is required, use the [SuiteAnalytics connector](./netsuite-suiteanalytics.md) instead.

### Paginated backfill vs. snapshot

The connector picks a mode per binding based on whether the table has a configured key:

- **Paginated backfill** — Tables with a key (specified in the endpoint's `tables` config) are read in ordered pages using a `page_cursor` (defaults to the first key field). Each scheduled run starts a new full backfill.

> - **Snapshot** — Tables with no key (for example, `Account`, `DeletedRecord`, `transactionHistory`, `TransactionStatus`) are read as a single query that returns the entire table. Snapshots run on the binding's `interval` (defaulting to once a day) and use `/_meta/row_id` as the collection key.

Reviewer: tbh `Account` does have a key, it just isn't hinted properly. we should fix this in the connector's hints

Author: Agreed — dropped `Account` from the snapshot example list in the doc (ea68515) so we're not modeling it as keyless going forward.

Looking at the connector, your `jshearer/suiteql_table_analysis` branch (commit 93e4857, "expand table coverage from 10 to 50 with verified keys") already flips `Account` from snapshot to cursor mode with a verified `id` key. Are you planning to land that branch soon? If so I'll leave the hint as-is and let it carry the fix; if it's blocked or going to sit a while, happy to put up a smaller targeted PR for just the `Account` hint to get the immediate bug fixed.

- **Snapshot bindings** detect deletions automatically by comparing each run's `/_meta/row_id` set to the previous run's. Any row that disappears is emitted as a deletion.
- **Paginated-backfill bindings** do not infer deletions. Rows that are removed from NetSuite remain in the destination until the next scheduled backfill runs, and even then are not deleted automatically — schedule periodic backfills and run a downstream cleanup query that removes rows older than the most recent backfill start time.

## API constraints

SuiteQL has several hard API limits that shape how the connector operates. Plan your bindings with these in mind:

- **No metadata introspection.** Unlike the SuiteAnalytics ODBC driver, SuiteQL has no way to programmatically discover table schemas, primary keys, or foreign keys. The connector relies on a static list of supported tables and keys; if you need a table that isn't supported, [contact support](mailto:support@estuary.dev).
- **100-column limit.** SuiteQL silently returns zero rows for any query that selects more than 100 columns. To capture wide tables, set the binding's [`columns`](#bindings) field to an explicit list of 100 or fewer columns.

> - **100,000-row result limit.** SuiteQL caps query results at 100,000 rows. The connector works around this with paginated subqueries, but each successive page re-scans previously read rows, so very large tables (tens of millions of rows or more) become impractical.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **100,000-row result limit.** SuiteQL caps query results at 100,000 rows. For tables with keys, this is not a practical concern: the connector pages through results using the key's sort order, and each page fetches only unread rows. For tables without keys on the other hand, the connector uses a limit-offset strategy. Each subquery must re-examine the full table scan to locate its window of rows, so performance degrades as the table grows. Snapshot bindings are best suited to small reference/lookup tables.
```

Or something like that. The 100k result limit isn't relevant for backfilling with a key, just snapshots, and just because it forces us to use rownum pagination.

Author: Applied your suggestion verbatim — pushed in ea68515.
